# # Task No. L8T4

## Task Requirements
Write a program to judge if an inputted char is a digit. 

## Non-Functional Requirements

The program contains two functions: main function and a sub-function `isDigitChar`. 
1.	The `main` function will read one character from keyboard and call the `isDigitChar` function. It then prints out corresponding result according to the return value from the `isDigitChar` function.
2.	The `isDigitChar` function decide if the inputted char parameter is a digit. For example, the call `isDigitChar('a')` returns `0`, while the call `isDigitChar ('1')` returns `1`; The prototype of this function is 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`_Bool isDigitChar(char c);`<br>

**The project contains three files:**
1.	`digit.h`: contains the prototype of the function `isDigitChar` inside this file.
2.	`main.c`: includes the function main; 
3.	`isdigit.c`: includes the `isDigitChar` function. 

**Guideline**
1.	Create a project as usual with a main function.
2.	Choose `File -> new -> source code`, edit the code by putting the prototype of the function `isDigitChar` in this file. The prototype is 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`_Bool isDigitChar(char c);`<br>
3.	Choose `File -> Save as`, change the type to be "`include file (*.h)`". Save the file using the name `digit.h`.
4.	Edit the `main.c` function, adding `#include "digit.h"`.
5.	Rebuild the project, a new folder "`include files`" will appear in the project pane.
6.	Choose `File -> new -> source code`. Edit the code for the function `isDigitChar`. Then save the file with name `isdigit.c`. It will appear in project pane.

**Attention:**
Compress `digit.h`, `main.c` and `isdigit.c` together and name the compressed files as “`L8T4_ID.zip`” with ID replaced by your student ID, then upload it to AUTOLAB.

## I/O samples

Sample 1
```
Enter a character: 5
1
Press any key to continue...
```

Sample 2
```
Enter a character: ¥
0
Press any key to continue...
```

Sample 3
```
Enter a character: f
0
Press any key to continue...
```
